README.md, before:

# rrweb-replay POC

In this POC, my goal was to create a minimalist, easy-to-deploy browser session recorder based on [rrweb](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/).

Session events are recorded and sent to an HTTP POST endpoint implemented in [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), these data are then stored in [KeyDB](https://github.com/Snapchat/KeyDB) (Redis fork).

The `/replay/` page loads a session's events from KeyDB and sends them to the [`rrweb-player`](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/tree/master/packages/rrweb-player/) component, which is replaying the session.

More information (in french): https://notes.sklein.xyz/Notes-%C3%A9ph%C3%A9m%C3%A8res/2024-09-07_2240

Here is how to test the project:

Go to [`app/`](app/), read the README.md and start *app* component.

Next, go [`demosite/`](demosite/), read the README, start the *demosite*, browse in the site and return to *app* to watch the replays.

You can also check out the playground in the [`/deployment-playground/`](./deployment-playground/) folder, which allows you to test *gibbon-replay* under the same conditions as on a production environment.

Commit message:

Rename app to gibbon-replay-server

README.md, after:

# rrweb-replay POC

In this POC, my goal was to create a minimalist, easy-to-deploy browser session recorder based on [rrweb](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/).

Session events are recorded and sent to an HTTP POST endpoint implemented in [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), these data are then stored in [KeyDB](https://github.com/Snapchat/KeyDB) (Redis fork).

The `/replay/` page loads a session's events from KeyDB and sends them to the [`rrweb-player`](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/tree/master/packages/rrweb-player/) component, which is replaying the session.

More information (in french): https://notes.sklein.xyz/Notes-%C3%A9ph%C3%A9m%C3%A8res/2024-09-07_2240

Here is how to test the project:

Go to [`gibbon-replay-server/`](gibbon-replay-server/), read the README.md and start *gibbon-replay-server* component.

Next, go [`demosite/`](demosite/), read the README, start the *demosite*, browse in the site and return to *app* to watch the replays.

You can also check out the playground in the [`/deployment-playground/`](./deployment-playground/) folder, which allows you to test *gibbon-replay* under the same conditions as on a production environment.
